Flowmachine event count (#1023)
Flowminder/FlowKit: docs/source/developer/developer.md

    
    Count of mobile phone cells per area active based on CDR traffic within a time period, broken down into time buckets.

-`event_count`

>     Count of event for individual subscribers in a time period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Count of events (optionally of specific types) for individual subscribers in a time period.
```
